I was recently invited to Germa's house
slipper invitational. We were supposed
to build a house and so Joel point Crow
and I naturally just built this.
>> Germa, please. Ladies and gentlemen,
this is of course a tarmac and what
you're about to see is not a house but
an experience. Ladies and gentlemen,
this is a Virgin Chair lines cuz this is
a more of an experience rather than
actually flying cuz this is Ver
compatible with people that have fear
flying. So, I'm going to need you to
grab your chair right now and start
vibrating like this. Okay, here we go.
>> Oh, my tray table's not up. My tray
table's not up. Turn off your laptop. I
don't want to.
>> All right. Are we in the air?
>> Captain, are you alive or
>> Ladies and gentlemen, uh, welcome aboard
airlines. The airline voted most likely
to make you question your life choices.
I'm your pilot Joey using Google Maps on
my baby pink iPad. We're still waiting
on Wi-Fi that doesn't exist. As a
reminder, Virgin Airlines is a budget
carrier. That means everything is extra.
Cornut snacks is in a bucket. $50.
Water.
>> Hey, quiet down. Quiet down. Shut the
[__] up. Sorry. Shut the [__] up.